deprecate the module (#106)
voxpupuli/puppet-wget: README.md

[![Puppet Forge](https://img.shields.io/puppetforge/f/puppet/wget.svg)](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/puppet/wget)
[![Puppet Forge](https://img.shields.io/puppetforge/e/puppet/wget.svg)](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/puppet/wget)

> This module is declared as deprecated by Voxpupuli.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is declared as deprecated by Vox Pupuli.
```
